# AZ400CertPrepGit
1. Faciliate Communication and Collaboration
Explore wiki and dashboards
Selecting transcript lines in this section will navigate to timestamp in the video
(no audio) - Wiki is a very useful tool in Azure DevOps which you can use to share information about your project. It also provides details to help users understand how to use your code and let them know how they can contribute to it. Think of it as if it were a manual or guide for your Azure DevOps project that anyone with the appropriate permissions can collaborate by editing the content and structure of the Wiki. The type of content that you can edit in your wiki is markdown, HTML tags, images, files, and links to work items. When creating a new wiki, you have two options from which to choose from. In the first one, you create a new Wiki Git repository and this is called new Wiki Git repository as all the content from your wiki is stored in Git. And the second option is publish code as Wiki. And you would use this option when you already have a Git repository with a markdown file that you would like to publish to your wiki. Depending on the permissions of the user, the user will be able to read or edit the Wiki. In order to read a wiki, the user will need access to the project. If the user would like to add or edit Wiki pages, then the contributor permission is required. And if the user would like to create a wiki, either by publishing a markdown file as a wiki or creating a Git repository, then they will need the create repository permission. Dashboards is a very powerful tool that will allow your team and most importantly, stakeholders to gain visibility of the progress of your team. In this section, you can add widgets that will help you visualize your data through charts, information, links, and more. The widgets can be out of the box widgets which are the ones that come with your Azure DevOps project, marketplace, which are the ones that you can integrate into your project from the marketplace, or custom, which are the ones you can create on your own. In dashboards, you can also create charts based on certain queries. These can be based on the data from Azure Boards such as work items, reports, and pipelines. And just like with the wiki, here, we also have to provide the appropriate permissions to enable collaboration. Dashboards can be viewed by anyone with access to the project. In order to add, edit, or manage a dashboard, the team member will need at least basic permission or higher, as well as dashboard permissions, or have admin privileges on the team or project. Some very important and very useful dashboards are the following, starting out with Velocity, which helps you better mind how much work a team can complete during a sprint, either by counting the work items that the team has completed, or the sum of efforts, story points, and size. Lead time which measures the total time elapsed from the creation of work items to their completion and cycle time, which measures the time it takes for your team to complete work items, once they begin actively working on them. The burndown chart measures the progress made and remaining work to be done based on counting work items or effort points. And the cumulative flow diagram shows you the count of work items as they move through various workflow states.

